gh-130711: Document `PyBaseObject_Type` (#130712)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/structures.rst

   See documentation of :c:type:`PyVarObject` above.

.. c:var:: PyTypeObject PyBaseObject_Type

>    The base class of all other classes.  It is the same object
>    as :class:`object` in the Python layer.

Reviewer: Let's try to be consistent with some of the surrounding phrasing:
```suggestion
   The base class of all other objects, the same as :class:`object` in Python.
```
